todo.md, before:

# TaskList

- TODO: remove project from icloud, corrupts the node_modules because it syncronisezes the node_modules folder!
- TODO: label component refactor for input, interaction elements (html5 rules)
- TODO: change to h1 element, h2 inside the grid-item and h1 inside the banner/modal
- TODO: styles: css reset > https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css
- TODO: ABEM: https://css-tricks.com/abem-useful-adaptation-bem/
- TODO: key props non html5 elements?! #material UI examples

# Reusable componens

- Make all components reusable, use stateless functional components as much as posible
- just improve components one by one
- write tests for the components
- give components default styles
- use CSS reset library to reset browser standards

## Reusable Grid

- What is a basic reusable grid?
- Make FoodGrid just a grid component that i can import.
- Use Material UI and others to get some inspiration for a reusable Grid component.
- 2col = 1fr 1fr (what are standard Grids? give those options! )

## Typography

- Make take level Header: H1, H2, H3, H4
- Make take text decloration Paragraph/Text: bold, cursive props

## Label component?!

TODO: FoodLabel => Label component

TODO: make font variables inside project styles folder (global styles)
TODO: make color variables inside project styles folder
TODO: Use prop-types for component props
TODO: setup standard styles for reusable components

TODO: learn array and object.reduce()
TODO: learn object.entries() this created an array key and value pairs or array of arrays

Commit message:

added basic styles for aside to test

todo.md, after:

# TaskList

- TODO remove project from icloud, corrupts the node_modules because it syncronisezes the node_modules folder!
- TODO: label component refactor for input, interaction elements (html5 rules) | label type: btn, banner(or other generic like badge)
- TODO: change to h1 element, h2 inside the grid-item and h1 inside the banner/modal
- TODO: styles: css reset > https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css
- TODO: set variables for colors, fonts, font-sizes (research best way to be responsive?)
- TODO: ABEM: https://css-tricks.com/abem-useful-adaptation-bem/
- TODO: key props non html5 elements?! #material UI examples, use food.name / data.name
- TODO: create header and main components, better for styling ter vervanging van huidige react.fragment
- TODO: use css grid to style the header, main components > main: article(menu), aside(order)

# Reusable componens

- Make all components reusable, use stateless functional components as much as posible
- just improve components one by one
- write tests for the components
- give components default styles
- use CSS reset library to reset browser standards

## Reusable Grid

- What is a basic reusable grid?
- Make FoodGrid just a grid component that i can import.
- Use Material UI and others to get some inspiration for a reusable Grid component.
- 2col = 1fr 1fr (what are standard Grids? give those options! )

## Typography

- Make take level Header: H1, H2, H3, H4
- Make take text decloration Paragraph/Text: bold, cursive props

## Label component?!

TODO: FoodLabel => Label component

TODO: make font variables inside project styles folder (global styles)
TODO: make color variables inside project styles folder
TODO: Use prop-types for component props
TODO: setup standard styles for reusable components

TODO: learn array and object.reduce()
TODO: learn object.entries() this created an array key and value pairs or array of arrays
